#summary Raspdev SDK with API libraries and developer tools necessary to build, test and debug apps for Raspberry.
#labels raspdev,sdk,raspberry,development

= Get the Raspdev SDK =

The Raspdev SDK provides you the API libraries and developer tools necessary to build, test, and debug apps for Raspberry.

= Details =

With a single download, the Raspdev SDK includes everything you need to begin developing apps:

 * Eclipse Rapdev plugin
 * Raspdev SDK Tools
 * Raspdev Platform-tools
 * The latest Raspdev platform
 * The latest Raspdev system image for the emulator

= Instructions =

Usage:
 {{{raspdev action [action options]}}}
       
  Valid actions are composed of a verb and an optional direct object:
   
 *   {{{sdk}}}                    : Displays the SDK Manager window.
 *   {{{rvd}}}                    : Displays the RVD Manager window.
 *   {{{listRVD}}}            : Lists existing Raspdev Virtual Devices.
 *   {{{listTarget}}}         : Lists existing targets.
 *   {{{createRVD}}}        : Creates a new Raspdev Virtual Device.
 *   {{{renameRVD}}}        : Renames a Raspdev Virtual Device.
 *   {{{deleteRVD}}}        : Deletes a Raspdev Virtual Device.
 *   {{{startRVD}}}           : Starts a Raspdev Virtual Device.
 *   {{{createProject}}}     : Creates a new Raspdev project.
 *   {{{updateProject}}}    : Updates a Raspdev project (must already have a {{{RaspdevManifest.xml}}}). (Not implemented yet.)
 *   {{{updateSDK}}}        : Updates the SDK by suggesting new platforms to install if available. (Not implemented yet.)